Allow the jitter entropy source to be used by the FIPS provider as an internal source (#25498)
openssl/openssl: INSTALL.md

This option MUST be used for debugging only as it makes the FIPS provider
non-compliant. It is useful when setting breakpoints in FIPS algorithms.

### enable-fips-jitter

Use the CPU Jitter library as a FIPS validated entropy source.

This option will only produce a compliant FIPS provider if you have:

1. independently performed the required [SP 800-90B] entropy assessments;
2. met the minimum required entropy as specified by [jitterentropy-library] and

> 3. have had the resulting module FIPS validated by the [CMVP].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. have had the resulting FIPS provider certified by the [CMVP].
```

Reviewer: Never noticed the suggestion option until I just saw someone else using it..

> Failure to do all of these will produce a non-compliant FIPS provider.

Reviewer 2: ... And re-validate on every change/submission due to chaining. If on the other hand it is unchained like in https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/25275 then an existing certificate could be reused. Standalone static library has been validated before https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/entropy-validations/certificate/191 that could be marked for reuse, with public downloads available.

Although self-submission of jitterentropy-library is straight forward.

Author: As noted above, chaining is not happening inside the FIPS boundary.

Author: I don't think certificate reuse is possible when changing platforms.  The quality of the entropy is strongly tied to the CPU and it's environment.  Any change there is going to throw the computation off and require a re-assessment.

Some changes might be hideable from NIST (e.g. upgrading main memory or changing a disc drive), but the reality is everything will impact the jitter entropy quality to some extent.

Reviewer 2: Please mark as resolved

> Failure to do all of these will produce a non-compliant FIPS provider.

Reviewer 2: This is imprecise

```
Step 3 is Obtain ESV certificate for jitterentropy-library [ESV]
Step 4 have had the resulting FIPS provider certified by the [CMVP]

[ESV] https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/entropy-validations
```

Note that the same build/ESV can be used multiple times for different CMVP submissions of the cryptographic module, whilst compatible the same ESV cert can be reused over and over again.

This option MUST be used for debugging only as it makes the FIPS provider
non-compliant. It is useful when setting breakpoints in FIPS algorithms.

### enable-fips-jitter

Use the CPU Jitter library as a FIPS validated entropy source.

This option will only produce a compliant FIPS provider if you have:

1. independently performed the required [SP 800-90B] entropy assessments;
2. meet the minimum required entropy as specified by [jitterentropy-library];

> 3. obtain an [ESV] certificate for jitterentropy-library and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. obtain an [ESV] certificate for the |jitterentropy-library| and
```

Author: Not sure we need the same link on sequential lines...
